once a space to educate young minds now
a refuge for
families the man Primary School in Rafa
Southern Gaza is one of dozens of
schools that have been turned into
temporary shelters for displaced
Palestinians thousands of people mostly
women and children have been living here
for weeks many of them have lost loved
ones in Israeli strikes or watched as
missiles destroy their homes and reduce
their neighbor hoods trouble but they
are far from feeling at home
here we were leaving in our homes at the
beginning of the war but it's a border
area and we were afraid only the bombs
and the risk of our children being
killed forced us to leave but even that
wasn't as bad as the misery and disease
we're dealing with in these
schools the United Nations has
repeatedly warned the lack of clean
water and sanitation has increased the
risk of disease disase at overcrowded
shelters it says None of the water pipes
from Israel into Gaza are working and a
pipe connecting rafan unus in the south
is
leaking many children here are suffering
from diarrhea fever and
vomiting the school is extremely crowded
15 families have to share a single
classroom there is no water or
electricity I can't find water to
prepare formula for my b
the Gaza Health Ministry says nearly
4,000 Palestinian children have been
killed in a month of Israeli
attacks and those who are still alive
risk dying of hunger or disease muhamad
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer